the cat I'm nervous because I'm going to
my first smash on tournament on Jan 17
appropriate like you fall and I are
going to be there
oh what that oh you're going to final
battle dude
don't be nervous man it like you gotta
take tournaments as a learning
experience it's like once you first join
the scene I feel like this is the best
time to learn rather than to assume that
oh you're gonna win or worry about how
good you do because to be honest it's
better if you do bad at your first
tournament or your first couple
tournaments and here's why if you do
good at your first-ever offline
tournament you're going to set
expectations for yourself too early and
then you're going to be disappointed
when future results come and they don't
live up to your expectations and it's
going to make you feel at all
what's going on I'm getting worse I
don't feel I'm getting better then you
slowly and slowly and slowly drift away
from the offline scene and that's what
we don't want so you have to assume that
you're going to be you're going to have
a very hard time but don't let it
discourage you
you need to welcome that and take those
losses and that hard experience as as
something to reflect on and look back on
because I'll let you go guys know right
now my first ever offline tournament I
got double three stop badly gunblade
that sometimes in these calls three
stopped me twice my first round in
bracket at my first offline tournament
did mala Sh I got destroyed went to
losers
double three stopped again that was it I
was out the tournament but what did I do
I didn't get upset I didn't pout I just
I just lost and I was like wow I
got destroyed what do I do now and what
did I do
I just took it as a learning experience
and then I went to my next tournament
tried again and at my next tournament I
actually beat one of the rent players
this is back when doom was able to get
ranked I beat doom and I was like wow
you know I didn't know I'd beat a ranked
player I just played a guy in bracket I
didn't know who do
and I then some people or something go
dooms right sounds like oh like wow well
okay cool and then I proceeded to get
forty something at that tournament but
thing is with each tournament
progressively going on and on I learned
more from my losses learn more from my
wins and I kept going and going and
going and then I started to get 17th
place then after time I started to get
7th and then before you know it after
time kept going on and going on Here I
am but this isn't just in the span of a
week or a day this is this is something
you need to put time into this is
something that you need to really put
your all into in my opinion because it's
pretty it takes years it takes months
per progression does not happen
overnight it takes months it takes years
it takes time time that you're willing
to put into this game and into a
positive attitude because if you ever
for a second let that positive mindset
drift away and go into a negative
mindset you're going to lose you're not
going to grow as a player and that's
what you can't do like literally
literally the same spot that you guys
are in right now as you feel like oh
you're a zero or you feel like you're
not good at all or you're not good
enough I was in that exact same spot not
doing anything
I was I was bad I was really really bad
I can honestly tell you guys I was one
of the shittiest players that I knew I
was terrible I had a horrible rolling
habit people took advantage of it that's
great
they needed to take advantage of that
and they just beat me for it I deserve
that but then I didn't want to be that
guy because as I got more into the
offline scene seeing the pros win over
and over and over and sing just as
professional players like Ally and
mew2king do what they do I was like you
know Tim I want to be that guy I want to
be like that I want people to watch me
like that and now that it's happened I
want to give that opportunity to other
people
and that's what zero to hero is about
and so scrilla I'm telling you don't be
nervous into going with a learning
mindset because what you take from that
tournament will help you in the long run
the way you apply it to your game and
time for going off on a speech but
literally literally that's heartfelt man
like it means a lot
you